# Taking minutes

## **Agenda for the team meeting OOPP Group 61.**

**Location:**                  Online (Zoom)

**Date:**                         22.02.2022

**Time**:                        13:45-14:45

**Attendees:**               Gommers Jasper; Loghin Razvan ; Moussa Georges ; Spanhoff Tygo ; Mihail Rares ; Majumder Snehal .

## **Agenda items**

5 min
- Check in on everyone (standing up), check in what everyone did last week

30 min
- Code of conduct feedback
- Backlog feedback
- API endpoints
- Good GitLab practices

10 min
- Assignment 3B - Think of a question for the Q&A session.
- Sharing tips and tops

## **Announcements**

 - Check in:
	Everybody has taken a look at the template project, and played around with JavaFX and Spring.
	Everyone also added their profile picture and name to the project, using merge requests.
 
 - Code of Conduct feedback: 
	We haven't been concrete enough in the CoC. We will go over the CoC after this meeting.
 
 - Backlog feedback: 
	The issues themselves are nice, small, and sensible. It can be improved by adding weights, and the definition of when issues are done. Fibonacci numbers (Or some other exponential sequence) are nice for weights. 
	Once we get the official backlog, we will use these techniques.
	
 - API endpoints: 
	We haven't coded yet for the project
	There should be atleast one working API endpoint at the end of this week, preferably more.
	
 - Good GitLab practices:
	- Don't push te main (We can't anyway)
	- When reviewing, you pull the branch and see if it runs. When you think there are improvements to be made, you can comment on certain lines of the code on GitLab. 
	- The original coder can then either edit their code according to the comments, or discuss them. 
		
	- Before making a merge request for a branch, first pull main and merge main into the branch. Then push. 
		
 - Assignment 3B:
	We have a meeting on thursday to exchange the HCI assignments and come up with a question.
	
**Task division week 3:**

- Team Frontend:
	Snehal, Georges, Tygo

- Team Backend:
	Jasper, Razvan, Rares
	
**Otto's remarks:**
 - We should start working on the information literacy assignment, it's not much work.
 - We should discuss what we are going to do this week.
 - The first two weeks we should make features together, in the future we will usually work alone on a feature.
	

## **Approval of the agenda**

****Everybody approved the agenda and there were no objections.

## **Summary of action points**

| Action items | Who is responsible | Deadline |
| --- | --- | --- |
| CoC improvement | The whole group | 22.02.2022 |
| HCI first design | The whole group | 22.02.2022 |
| HCI exchange/feedback | The whole group | 24.02.2022 |
| Create first API endpoint | The whole group | 27.02.2022 |
| Start working on frontend | Team Frontend | 27.02.2022 |
| Start working on backend | Team Backend | 27.02.2022 |
| Merge our work into main | The whole group | 28.02.2022 |


## **Feedback round**

 - No feedback yet, because we haven't worked that much yet.
