# Taking minutes

## **Agenda for the team meeting OOPP Group 61.**

**Location:**                   Drebbelweg

**Date:**                         15.02.2022

**Time**:                        13:45-14:45

**Attendees:**                Gommers Jasper; Loghin Razvan ; Moussa Georges ; Spanhoff Tygo ;              Mihail Rares (online) ; Majumder Snehal (online) .

## **Agenda items**

- Stand up meeting with everybody talking about how their week was.
- HCI lecture recap for Rares and Snehal.
- Talk about the Git and 1A assignments.
- Talk about the 2A assignment.
- Discuss the 2B assignment and use template to create code of conduct.
- Discuss about the requirements and backlog draft and get review from TA.
- Discuss how to start off the project and to get familiar with the tools and frame.

## **Announcements**

- Everybody managed to complete the Git and 1A assignments.
- Everybody went through 2A assignment.
- Deciding to remain after the allocated time for the OOPP meeting to work on the 2B assignment.
- Backlog draft looks nice and mostly complete.
- Deciding to remain after the allocated time for the OOPP meeting to finish the Backlog.
- As a recommendation, everybody should watch the pre-lecture videos for lecture on Wednesday and should attend in some way (online or on-campus) the lecture on Wednesday.
- Everybody should set up all applications needed for the project until next week’s meeting.
- Everybody should have a merge request on gitlab until next week’s meeting.
- We set up an extra-meeting for completing the 2B assignment on Discord on Thursday.

## **Approval of the agenda**

****Everybody approved the agenda and there were no objections.

## **Summary of action points**

| Action items | Who is responsible | Deadline |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 2B assignment | The whole group | 18.02.2022 18:00 |
| 1 merge request per team member | Every member of the group | 22.02.2022 |

## **Feedback round**

**Everybody is on track with their tasks and there are no conflicts at the moment in the group.